Add notes about 24 hour feedback for PR reviews. (#863)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/contribute/code/workflow.md

> ### Reviewing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Code reviews
```

> #### Code review guidelines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Guidelines
```

The author and reviewer should use this [guide to code reviewing](https://google.github.io/eng-practices/review/developer/).

> #### Code review timeliness

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Timeliness
```

> The team aims to get code done and merged quickly. This gets improvements into the hands of users faster and also allows developers to stay focused on the task at hand and see it through to production. Timely code reviews are important to making this happen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Timely code reviews are important to getting improvements into the hands of users faster and allowing developers to stay focused on the task at hand and see it through to production.
```
